Overview

Over the course of two years, Renewal Residency participants will receive mentorship, attend monthly cohort meetings, engage in personal and career development strategies, and experience networking and vision trips to church plants both locally and internationally. This program will help them embrace their role in God’s mission in the workplace, building a solid biblical foundation while developing the skills and community necessary to make a lasting impact. We’re combining the best elements of talent development & global mobility
programs from the corporate world with the best-in-class ministry & missions
leadership development to form a 2 year residency where graduates of the
program will feel equipped to live out their calling in the marketplace and help bring
about kingdom restoration in the world through their work.

Who is the program for?

The Renewal Residency is for early-career professionals who believe their work matters in God’s kingdom. It’s for those who don’t want to separate faith from their career, but instead want to see how their daily work participates in God’s redemptive plan. This program is for believers who are hungry to grow—spiritually, personally, and professionally—and who want clarity, direction, and mentorship as they step into their calling. Whether in business, healthcare, education, or beyond, residents are equipped to pursue excellence, contribute to human flourishing, and play a meaningful role in church planting efforts locally and around the world. If you believe that God has MORE for your work than it just being a means to an end– this is for you!

Who is the program not for? 

The Renewal Residency is not for those who see their job as simply a means to an end or who aren’t ready to commit to intentional growth. This program requires a high level of engagement and is built for those who believe their work has purpose and meaning in God’s greater story.

What is a month in the program like ?

Monthly forum where the whole cohort gathers together. You’ll hear from different industry speakers, and discuss curated content from books, articles, podcasts, etc. that is done in your own time
Gather with 1-2 other residents twice outside of the forum to discuss content application
Meet with your leadership development guide, who is someone in your career industry that is matched with each resident. This guide aids in the development of the resident.

What is the process after applying?

30 minute interview to ensure the residency would be a mutually beneficial experience!

Do you want to include testimonials?

Not yet but probably

What differentiates your program from similar ones?

We are partnered with a local church
The underlying focus is on church planting

What’s a persons call to action from the website? 

Apply and or contact me with questions
Interest Form: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1p0MLWUzDwsnzmNFL1jYBDLTom0FYOu9bl2Ms2HtKIt0/edit  – and we will send a zoom link from there for an upcoming interest meeting

What’s the investment? 

Eg $5000 + 5-10 hrs/week
